README.md, before:


## Hey, I'm Eshan Sharma :wave:
![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=eshan-sharma)
[![Twitter: Eshan_Sharma__](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/Eshan_Sharma__?style=social)](https://twitter.com/Eshan_Sharma__)
[![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Leetcode-grey?logo=Leetcode&link=https%3A%2F%2Fleetcode.com%2FEshan-Sharma%2F)](https://leetcode.com/Eshan-Sharma/)
[![GitHub eshan-sharma](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/eshan-sharma?label=follow&style=social)](https://github.com/eshan-sharma)

![Move, Touch, Inspire](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43044334/170928139-d2f7459a-9bf6-4317-9618-b47df5721076.gif)

## :sparkles: About Me
I'm Eshan Sharma, I solve problems

## :scroll: Professional Certifications
- Microsoft Certified: Azure Administrator Associate (B8D8AC-1DH4B1) [Credential Link](https://learn.microsoft.com/api/credentials/share/en-us/EshanSharma-4105/BF0BA9D8518321F6?sharingId=13DD0D235F772C04)
- Microsoft Certified: Azure Developer Associate (5AN6C7-C5FAE2) [Credential Link](https://learn.microsoft.com/api/credentials/share/en-us/EshanSharma-4105/C700B8E0A54A0EBE?sharingId=13DD0D235F772C04)
- Microsoft Certified: Power BI Data Analyst Associate (B59BEB-B1CC3E) [Credential Link](https://learn.microsoft.com/api/credentials/share/en-us/EshanSharma-4105/4967CB58D3311D97?sharingId=13DD0D235F772C04)
- Microsoft Certified: Azure AI Fundaments (Y6FB73-0790E7) [Credential Link](https://learn.microsoft.com/api/credentials/share/en-us/EshanSharma-4105/14D863246FFBE556?sharingId=13DD0D235F772C04)
- Microsoft Certified: Security, Compliance, and Identity Fundamentals (CRF555-CC025A) [Credential Link](https://learn.microsoft.com/api/credentials/share/en-us/EshanSharma-4105/2FDD99C3B822AB7A?sharingId=13DD0D235F772C04)
- Microsoft Certified: Azure Fundamentals (89P25A-4C0FAE) [Credential Link](https://learn.microsoft.com/api/credentials/share/en-us/EshanSharma-4105/B52D23C61169EA50?sharingId=13DD0D235F772C04)
- Microsoft Certified: Power Platform Fundamentals (S75F39-D63848) [Credential Link](https://learn.microsoft.com/api/credentials/share/en-us/EshanSharma-4105/D8A1337EB4A2CE2F?sharingId=13DD0D235F772C04)
  
      
## ✍️ Blogs
I write blogs on [Hashnode](https://eshansharma.hashnode.dev/) and [Medium](https://medium.com/@eshan.sharma108) do check them out!

## :trophy: Github Stats
<p align="center"> 
    <img  src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=eshan-sharma&layout=compact&theme=dark&hide=css,scss,Handlebars,Makefile,Less&langs_count=10" width="50%">
</p>

Commit message:

Revise README with new personal and professional details
Updated personal introduction and interests in README.

README.md, after:

## Hey, I'm Eshan Sharma 👋
Protocol-minded engineer interested in Ethereum, ZK systems, and cryptographic infrastructure.

![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=eshan-sharma)
[![Twitter: Eshan_Sharma__](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/Eshan_Sharma__?style=social)](https://twitter.com/Eshan_Sharma__)
[![GitHub eshan-sharma](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/eshan-sharma?label=follow&style=social)](https://github.com/eshan-sharma)

---

## 🧠 About
I work close to the protocol layer.

I’m interested in how distributed systems, cryptography, and incentives interact, especially in:
- Ethereum and EVM-based systems  
- Zero-knowledge proofs and zkVM-style architectures  
- Smart contract security, protocol design, and mechanism design  

I like reading specs, breaking assumptions, and implementing things from first principles.

---

## 🔬 Current Focus
- Zero-knowledge circuits and proof systems (learning by building)
- Protocol-level Solidity and Rust
- L2s, rollups, and cross-chain primitives
- Research-driven engineering (papers → code → tests)

If it involves constraints, gas costs, or adversarial environments, I’m probably interested.

## 📜 Certifications
Background in cloud and data systems (useful context, not the main focus now):
- Azure Administrator / Developer / Fundamentals  
- Power BI Data Analyst  
- Security, Compliance, Identity Fundamentals
